hello everyone have you ever dreamed of
having a hot bitch volume around
everywhere you go well I sure have and
now I'm going to show you how it's
possible I'm actually gonna be showing
you how to get four hot bitches first
one isn't so great but she's pretty damn
easy to get the next three are pretty
damn nice but they're also very hard to
get so let's get started travel on over
to the major town Riften and talk to him
Joel just talk to her about her missing
sword and tell her that you can retrieve
it then she'll give you a quest line the
next thing you need to do is travel to
where it sets the Waypoint it's going to
set the Waypoint and some dwarven ruins
so it's going to be pretty difficult to
make your way through this outside alone
there's gonna be a clusterfuck of at
least seven enemies for you to fight
your way through once you've finally
done just intermission shall lift
wherever the fuck you're supposed to say
that it's gonna be quite a few enemies
in this place including bandits foul
Mears and of course dwarven robots once
you finally made it through all these
runs you have one last encounter with
this fat albert of a robot just get up
close and personal with the Daedric
daggers I showed you how to get the past
videos you should KO in no time then you
can finally take the ladies sort off the
table just head back up the Skyrim
through this elevator now fast travel
back to riften didn't find the lady
again and give her back her sword then
you'll finally have the option for her
to follow you I'm right behind you the
next three are part of the Companions
Guild quest line because for some reason
the Companions get all the hot bitches
this quest line has five major quest and
even more smaller quest so I'm obviously
not going to show you how to do all of
them the pretty much all very basic and
straightforward so I'm sure you can
figure it out in your own but once you
finally do complete it you can ask a
label of the hunters to be your follower
let's not waste any time but aleli is a
little more than just a dicksucker a
sandwich maker she can also train you in
archery but she can only train you up
the level 75 and once you're done
training you can just search your
inventory get all your money back I
would also suggest getting forsworn
armor it's much more revealing and
really brings out those tig old bitties
another hottie you can have as a
follower is RIA but she's mostly just
for sucking you off after those long
adventures and you can have in Giada and
since her old husband used to beat her
ass every time she can train you and
blocking and there's this let's just
piece of ass never mind well
congratulations now you know how to get
for hot followers so please subscribe
rate and comment
if you want more videos just like this
one
just